Hello there I want to talk quickly about one of the tools that we're going to use throughout the course
especially when we do bone ask questions and also for you to use after you're done with a course in
my opinion.
This is the best website to get interview questions.
And the thing that I love about Leatt code is that they have a ton of questions but they give really
really good descriptions and you're also able to code online in a ton of different languages that you
choose.
It's up to you why you choose to code in and although they have a paid version you can do most of these
problems without a subscription just for free.
I also want to give you a heads up and let you know that their interface sometimes changes as you can
see for some problems.
It looks like this.
And when you watch this video things might be organized a little bit different on the screen but the
key thing is there is this solution tap which some questions will have.
But my favorite is The discuss that because no matter what your language you can type in a solution
here and you'll see all the people that did their solution.
And let's say Python or let's say you want to do C++ Well all the C++ solutions are here as well as
the votes views and comments.
This is again one of my favorite resources.
But I want to warn you there are a ton of problems here and they vary from easy to really difficult
and you can spend a lot of time just constantly doing these questions over and over.
But don't get sucked into the rabbit hole after you do a certain number of problems here.
You're already going to be a lot better than the average programmer.
So do them for fun afterwards but don't forget to focus on what the most important task at hand is that
is getting that dream job.
And don't worry some of the top programmers still have difficulties with some of the questions here.
So never feel like this shows you the quality of the program or you are it's just a playground for you
to use throughout your career to improve.
And no they are not sponsoring me or doing anything like that.
I just think they are a great tool.
I'll see in the next one away.